#Log of 20 day

1. [00:00] Max Richter - FILM MUSIC - PERFECT SENSE ⁄ David Mackenzie - Luminous
1. [09:00] The Oaths - Astronomy EP - Astronomy
1. [09:01] La Bien Querida - Ceremonia - A Veces Ni Eso
1. [10:18] Emrujo Flamenco - Guitarras Virtuosas - 12.La Boda De Luis Alonso - Emrujo Flamenco
1. [10:22] Sopor Aeternus - Song From The Inverted Womb - Saturn devouring his Children
1. [10:29] Garbage - Garbage - Only Happy When It Rains
1. [10:33] Ramin Djawadi - Game of Thrones - Season 1 - Goodbye Brother
1. [10:43] Iron Maiden - A Real Live One - Fear of the Dark
1. [10:46] Pink Floyd - Pulse - Disc 1 - Coming Back to Life
1. [10:49] Los Verdaderos Cabrera - Bilbao - Poca Información
1. [10:52] Deftones - Diamond Eyes (Deluxe Edition) - Risk
1. [10:55] Los Verdaderos Cabrera - Bilbao - Poca Información
1. [10:57] Santana - The Essential Santana CD 1 - 04.Black magic woman
1. [11:02] The Willowz - Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind - Something
1. [11:04] Various Artists - Run Lola Run - believe
1. [11:09] Korn - Take a Look in the Mirror - Break Some Off
1. [11:12] Iron Maiden - The Final Frontier - The Man Who Would Be King
1. [11:19] Faun - Licht - Punagra
1. [11:24] Dark and lorn - LORN - undestand
1. [11:27] Rodrigo y Gabriela - Rodrigo y Gabriela - P.P.A.
1. [11:31] Relativy - Relativy - The End
1. [11:35] Lucybell - Peces - Que No Me Vengan Con Paraísos
1. [11:38] Iron Maiden - Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son - Can I Play With Madness
1. [11:42] Neon Indian - Era Extraña - Polish Girl
1. [11:46] M83 - Hurry Up, We're Dreaming - Midnight City
1. [11:50] Dënver - Fuera de Campo - Revista De Gimnasia
1. [11:54] Dënver - Los Vampiros - Los Vampiros
1. [11:59] Neon Indian - Era Extraña - Arcade Blues
1. [12:03] The Chemical Brothers - Born in the Echoes - Wide Open
1. [12:09] Tame Impala - Currents - The Less I Know the Better
1. [12:13] Lorn - VESSEL - Anvil
1. [12:16] Lorn - THE MAZE TO NOWHERE - ACID RAIN
1. [12:19] Neon Indian - Slumlord - Slumlord
1. [12:25] The Oaths - Ascender - Ascender
1. [12:29] The Oaths - Astronomy EP - Astronomy
1. [12:33] La Bien Querida - Ceremonia - A Veces Ni Eso
1. [12:37] Yo La Tengo - And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out - You Can Have It All
1. [12:38] Miami Horror - Illumination - Holidays (feat. Alan Palomo)
1. [12:42] Flight Facilities - Down To Earth - Crave You (Feat. Giselle)
1. [12:46] Lemâitre - Lemaitre - Fossil Fuels
1. [12:47] Niva - Feverish Dreams - Boy From The Sun
1. [12:51] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Cambridge, 1963
1. [12:53] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Rowing
1. [12:55] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Domestic Pressures
1. [12:57] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Chalkboard
1. [12:59] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Cavendish Lab
1. [13:01] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Collapsing Inwards
1. [13:03] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - A Game of Croquet
1. [13:06] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Origins of Time
1. [13:09] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Viva Voce
1. [13:10] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Wedding
1. [13:12] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Dreams That Stuff Is Made Of
1. [13:14] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - A Spacetime Singularity
1. [13:16] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Stairs
1. [13:17] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - A Normal Family
1. [13:19] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Forces of Attraction
1. [13:21] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Camping
1. [13:23] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Coma
1. [13:24] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Spelling Board
1. [13:25] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Voice Box
1. [13:26] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - A Brief History of Time
1. [13:28] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Daisy, Daisy
1. [13:30] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - A Model of the Universe
1. [13:33] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Theory of Everything
1. [13:34] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - London, 1988
1. [13:39] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Epilogue
1. [13:40] Jóhann Jóhannsson - The Theory of Everything (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - The Whirling Ways of Stars That Pass
1. [13:41] Bonobo - Days to Come - Intro
1. [13:44] Bonobo - Days to Come - Days to Come (feat. Bajka)
1. [13:47] Bonobo - Days to Come - Between the Lines (feat. Bajka)
1. [13:49] Bonobo - Days to Come - The Fever
1. [13:50] Bonobo - Days to Come - Ketto
1. [13:55] Bonobo - Days to Come - Nightlite (feat. Bajka)
1. [13:56] Lorn - Ask the Dust - Mercy
1. [13:58] Lorn - Ask the Dust - Ghosst
1. [14:02] Lorn - Ask the Dust - Weigh Me Down
1. [14:06] Lorn - Ask the Dust - This
1. [14:07] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Eres Tú
1. [14:11] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Hasta la Piel
1. [14:15] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Déjenme Llorar
1. [14:20] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Disfruto
1. [14:24] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Me Encanta
1. [14:28] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Duele
1. [14:31] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - No Quise Mirar
1. [14:35] Carla Morrison - Amor Supremo - Un Beso
1. [14:39] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Tu Orgullo
1. [14:43] Carla Morrison - Déjenme Llorar - Apagué mi mente
1. [14:45] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Tu Falta De Querer
1. [14:50] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Si tú me quisieras
1. [14:53] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Amor Completo
1. [14:57] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Si tú me quisieras
1. [14:59] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Amor Completo
1. [15:05] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Tormento
1. [17:08] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Amor Completo
1. [17:12] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Tormento
1. [17:17] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - El Diablo
1. [17:21] Mon Laferte - Amárrame - Amárrame (feat. Juanes)
1. [17:24] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - El Cristal
1. [17:27] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Un Alma en Pena
1. [17:30] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1/ Edicion Especial) - Salvador
1. [17:33] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - La Visita
1. [17:37] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - Malagradecido
1. [17:38] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - La Noche del Día Que Llovió en Verano
1. [17:39] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1/ Edicion Especial) - Orgasmo Para Dos (En Vivo)
1. [17:43] Mon Laferte - Mon Laferte (Vol. 1) - La Noche del Día Que Llovió en Verano
1. [18:17] Local Natives - Hummingbird - Mt. Washington
1. [18:21] Amanda Palmer - Amanda Palmer Goes Down Under - In My Mind
1. [18:25] Sparklehorse - It's A Wonderful Life - Piano Fire
1. [18:56] alt-J - An Awesome Wave - Something Good
1. [19:00] José González - Veneer - Crosses
1. [19:01] alt-J - An Awesome Wave - Something Good
1. [19:58] José González - Veneer - Crosses
1. [19:59] Angus & Julia Stone - Down The Way - Santa Monica Dream
1. [20:04] Message To Bears - Folding Leaves - Mountains
1. [20:08] Syd Matters - Obstacles - Obstacles
1. [20:11] Bright Eyes - I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning - Lua
1. [20:13] Message To Bears - Folding Leaves - Mountains
1. [23:27] Camerata Mediolanense - Musica Reservata - La madre cattiva
1. [23:32] Estatic Fear - A Sombre Dance - Chapter VII
