#Log of 08 day

1. [00:00] Muse - THE BEST OF MUSE CD1 - New Born
1. [10:50] Maybeshewill - I Was Here for a Moment, Then I Was Gone - Opening
1. [10:51] Muse - THE BEST OF MUSE CD1 - New Born
1. [11:13] The Album Leaf - Torey's Distraction - Original Soundtrack - A Day In The Life
1. [11:16] young tender - Si No Vas a Ser Tú - Si No Vas a Ser Tú
1. [11:20] Unwed Sailor - Little Wars - Little Wars
1. [11:24] John Frusciante - To Record Only Water For Ten Days (U.S. Version) - Murderers
1. [11:27] Anna of the North - The Dreamer - The Dreamer - Henry Krinkle Remix
1. [11:30] Bely Basarte - Siempre - Matemática de la Carne
1. [11:33] Darius - Romance - EP - Espoir
1. [11:37] Odesza - All We Need Remixes - All We Need (feat. Shy Girls) - Beat Connection Remix
1. [11:41] From Monument To Masses - On Little Known Frequencies - A Sixth Trumpet
1. [11:47] God Is An Astronaut - All Is Violent, All Is Bright (2011 Remastered Edition) - All Is Violent, All Is Bright
1. [11:51] Los Lásgori - En Casa - En Casa
1. [11:56] Mr. Silla - Mr. Silla - I Want All
1. [12:00] Mono - The Last Dawn - Cyclone
1. [12:07] Set Fire to Flames - Telegraphs in Negative / Mouths Trapped in Static - Deja, comme des trous de vent, comme reproduit
1. [12:14] Tremor - Viajante - Caracol
1. [12:18] Maybeshewill - Not for Want of Trying - Heartflusters
1. [12:22] Pablo Nouvelle - You Don't Understand - Poison
1. [12:27] Explosions in the Sky - Thank You (Anniversary Compilation) - The Long Spring
1. [12:32] Los Lásgori - En Casa - En Casa
1. [12:37] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Luces
1. [12:41] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - El Sol, la Luna y el Valiente
1. [12:45] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Sueño De Una Vida
1. [12:49] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Los Pájaros Cantan
1. [12:54] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Desierto
1. [12:58] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Cautivo
1. [13:01] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Imaginario
1. [13:06] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Alejandra y el Laberinto
1. [13:15] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Luces
1. [13:19] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - El Sol, la Luna y el Valiente
1. [13:23] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Sueño De Una Vida
1. [13:28] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Los Pájaros Cantan
1. [13:32] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Desierto
1. [13:36] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Cautivo
1. [13:39] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Imaginario
1. [13:45] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Alejandra y el Laberinto
1. [13:49] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Imaginario
1. [14:37] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Luces
1. [14:42] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - El Sol, la Luna y el Valiente
1. [14:46] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Sueño De Una Vida
1. [14:50] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Los Pájaros Cantan
1. [14:53] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Desierto
1. [14:54] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Los Pájaros Cantan
1. [14:57] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Cautivo
1. [15:02] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Imaginario
1. [15:06] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Alejandra y el Laberinto
1. [15:10] Los Lásgori - En Casa - En Casa
1. [15:15] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Luces
1. [15:20] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - El Sol, la Luna y el Valiente
1. [15:23] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Sueño De Una Vida
1. [15:27] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Los Pájaros Cantan
1. [15:31] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Desierto
1. [15:35] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Cautivo
1. [15:39] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Imaginario
1. [15:44] Los Lásgori - Sueños de una Vida - Alejandra y el Laberinto
1. [15:48] Los Lásgori - En Casa - En Casa
1. [15:49] Tremor - Viajante - Caracol
1. [15:51] Bely Basarte - Siempre - Matemática de la Carne
1. [15:55] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Quédate en Madrid
1. [15:58] Bely Basarte - Stitches - Stitches
1. [16:01] Bely Basarte - Hymn For The Weekend - Hymn For The Weekend
1. [16:05] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Desconocidos
1. [16:07] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Maldita Dulzura
1. [16:11] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - Hello
1. [16:15] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Por Verte Sonreír
1. [16:19] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Vuelvo a ser la Rara
1. [16:23] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - Lean On
1. [16:25] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - Chasing Cars
1. [16:28] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - Back To Black - radio edit
1. [16:31] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. 2 - Lo Echamos a Suertes
1. [16:34] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - The Nights
1. [16:38] Bely Basarte - Siempre - Mentiras de Jarabe - feat. Rayden
1. [16:42] Bely Basarte - Covers Vol. I - The Nights
1. [17:59] Mr. Silla - Mr. Silla - I Want All
1. [18:04] Saxon Shore - Be A Bright Blue - Replacement Driver
1. [18:09] Fly Pan Am - Fly Pan Am - L'Espace au sol est redessine par d'immenses panneaux bleus
1. [18:17] Saxon Shore - Be A Bright Blue - Replacement Driver
1. [18:19] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - For We Had No Road
1. [18:25] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - Abide, Moment!
1. [18:30] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - For We Had No Road
1. [18:31] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - Abide, Moment!
1. [18:32] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - H.L. Mencken
1. [18:36] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - Of Dead Loves And Waning Perfume
1. [18:41] Joy Wants Eternity - Must You Smash Your Ears Before You Learn To Listen With Your Eyes - What Fell Down From The Moon Last Night
1. [18:53] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - Our Backs Into the Wind
1. [18:59] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - The Fog is Rising
1. [19:00] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - Our Backs Into the Wind
1. [19:22] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - The Fog is Rising
1. [20:10] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - Dark Heart of the King
1. [20:48] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - I am I: Hiding
1. [20:54] Joy Wants Eternity - The Fog is Rising - Shut Your Eyes and You'll Burst Into Flames
1. [21:04] The Album Leaf - Into The Blue Again - The Light
1. [21:09] The Album Leaf - Into The Blue Again - Always For You
1. [21:12] The Album Leaf - Into The Blue Again - The Light
