#Log of 04 day

1. [00:00] Flux Pavilion - Freeway EP - Mountains And Molehills (Feat. Turin Brakes)
1. [09:12] Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here - Wish You Were Here
1. [09:18] Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here - Shine on You Crazy Diamond (Part VI-IX)
1. [09:31] Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here - Wish You Were Here
1. [09:59] Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here - Shine on You Crazy Diamond (Part VI-IX)
1. [10:08] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - In the Flesh?
1. [10:11] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - The Thin Ice
1. [11:09] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Another Brick in the Wall Part 1
1. [11:12] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - The Happiest Days of Our Lives
1. [11:14] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Another Brick in the Wall Part 2
1. [11:18] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Mother
1. [11:24] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Goodbye Blue Sky
1. [11:26] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Empty Spaces
1. [11:28] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Young Lust
1. [11:32] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - One of My Turns
1. [11:36] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Don't Leave Me Now
1. [11:40] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Another Brick in the Wall Part 3
1. [11:41] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 1 - Goodbye Cruel World
1. [11:42] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Hey You
1. [11:47] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Is There Anybody Out There?
1. [11:50] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Nobody Home
1. [11:53] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Vera
1. [11:55] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Bring the Boys Back Home
1. [11:56] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Comfortably Numb
1. [12:03] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - The Show Must Go On
1. [12:04] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - In the Flesh
1. [12:09] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Run Like Hell
1. [12:13] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - Waiting for the Worms
1. [12:17] Pink Floyd - The Wall - Disc 2 - The Trial
1. [12:23] Iron Maiden - Virtual XI - Lightning Strikes Twice
1. [12:32] India - Indu - Indu 2 "Jaltarang
1. [12:40] "The Vampire Lestat" - Queen Of The Damned - Body Crumbles
1. [12:43] Santa Sabina - Mar adentro en la sangre - Frente al espejo
1. [12:49] Francesco Diaz & Young Rebels - The Remixes__Unmixed For DJs - It's Our Future (deadmau5 Remix)
1. [12:56] Candyland - Breathless - Breathless ft. Michelle Quezada (Extended Mix)
1. [13:01] Kill Paris - To A New Earth EP - Slap Me (Candyland Remix)
1. [13:04] Lazy Rich - Hit That - Hit That (Original Mix) (feat. Trinidad Jame$)
1. [13:09] Savoy - Personal Legend - The Bridge
1. [13:14] Flinch - Light It Up - Light It Up (feat. Heather Bright)
1. [13:19] Vicetone - Heartbeat (The Remixes) - Heartbeat (DMNDZ Remix) [feat. Collin McLoughlin]
1. [13:25] Dead C.A.T Bounce - Nothing To Say EP - Nothing to Say (feat. Emily Underhill)
1. [13:28] K Theory - VC Commander (VIP Mix) - VC Commander (VIP Mix)
1. [13:32] Candyland - Speechless (feat. RKCB) - Speechless
1. [13:35] Clockwork & Congorock - Clockwork Remixes EP - Titan (Congorock Safari Edit)
1. [13:42] Porter Robinson - Divinity (filous Remix) - Divinity (filous Remix) (feat. Amy Millan)
1. [13:57] Candyland - Breathless - Breathless ft. Michelle Quezada (Extended Mix)
1. [14:01] Cazzette - Eject - Weapon
1. [14:04] Savoy - Supertrail - Devil's on Horseback
1. [14:10] Clockwork - Squad Up EP - Hulk (Dillon Francis Remix)
1. [14:14] Kill Paris - To A New Earth EP - To A New Earth
1. [14:17] Midnight Conspiracy - Nasty - Nasty (Radio Edit)
1. [14:21] Popeska - Feel Like This - Feel Like This
1. [14:25] Candyland - Bring The Rain EP - Bring the Rain
1. [14:30] Nick Thayer - Worlds Collide EP - Worlds Collide
1. [14:34] K Theory - Wut They Gon Do! - Wut They Gon Do!
1. [14:38] Autoerotique - Roll the Drums Remix EP - Roll the Drums (feat. Marissa Jack) (Torro Torro Remix)
1. [14:43] Dank (USA) - Blow Me - Jammin My Frequencies (Original Mix)
1. [14:46] Dead C.A.T Bounce - Nothing To Say EP - Closer to Me (feat. Emily Underhill)
1. [14:50] James Egbert - In The Beginning - Halo (Original Mix) (feat. Kill Paradise)
1. [14:55] Lazy Rich - Armada Ibiza 2014 - Beginning Of The World (Original Mix)
1. [15:01] The M Machine - Superflat - Superflat
1. [15:06] Jack Beats - Jack Beats Remixed Vol. I - About To Get Fresh (feat. Chiddy Bang & OV) [Foreign Beggars] [Brillz Remix]
1. [15:11] 3LAU - How You Love Me (Remixes) - How You Love Me (Panda Remix) (feat. Bright Lights)
1. [15:16] Jack Beats - Jack Beats Remixed Vol. I - About To Get Fresh (feat. Chiddy Bang & OV) [Foreign Beggars] [Brillz Remix]
1. [17:16] 3LAU - How You Love Me (Remixes) - How You Love Me (Panda Remix) (feat. Bright Lights)
1. [17:18] 3LAU - Vikings - Vikings
1. [17:22] Candyland - Murda - Murda
1. [17:25] Kill Paris - Operate (Illenium Remix) - Operate (Illenium Remix) (feat. Imad Royal)
1. [17:30] DotExe - Classics.exe - Go Hard
1. [17:33] Brass Knuckles - Brass Knuckles EP - More Than One (feat. Kay)
1. [17:36] Disco Fries - Autonomous - Head In The Clouds (Original Mix) (feat. Nick Hexum)
1. [17:41] Brass Knuckles - Brass Knuckles EP - More Than One (feat. Kay)
1. [17:47] Felix Cartal - Past Present Felix EP - Young Love (feat. Koko LaRoo)
1. [17:51] K Theory - Watch Me Kill It - Watch Me Kill It
1. [17:55] Jack Beats - Jack Beats Remixed Vol. II - Just a Beat (A-Trak Remix)
1. [18:00] K Theory - Watch Me Kill It - Watch Me Kill It
1. [19:09] Candyland - Breathless - Breathless ft. Michelle Quezada (Extended Mix)
1. [19:13] Savoy - Self Predator - So Bad (feat. Bright Lights)
