#Log of 27 day

1. [00:23] 5. Comunidad. Los Humanos Tenemos Cuerpo - 5. Comunidad. Los Humanos Tenemos Cuerpo - 21 lecciones para el siglo XXI [21 Lessons for the 21st Century]
1. [14:08] 6. Civilización. Solo Existe Una Civilización En El Mundo - 6. Civilización. Solo Existe Una Civilización En El Mundo - 21 lecciones para el siglo XXI [21 Lessons for the 21st Century]
1. [15:39] Barker - Utility - Models Of Wellbeing
1. [15:45] Bleachers - Strange Desire - Wild Heart
1. [15:49] Sibylle Baier - Colour Green - I Lost Something in the Hills
1. [15:52] Mikal Cronin - I Don't Mind b/w Blue Eyed Girl - Blue Eyed Girl
1. [16:26] Why? - Alopecia - The Hollows
1. [16:28] Molchat Doma - этажи - Клетка
1. [16:32] The Hope County Choir - Far Cry 5 Presents: When the World Falls (Original Game Soundtrack) - Help Me Faith (Choir Version)
1. [16:36] Patrick Watson - Sit Down Beside Me - Sit Down Beside Me
1. [16:41] Bonaparte - The Return of Stravinsky Wellington - Melody X
1. [16:45] Papercuts - You Can Have What You Want - Future Primitive
1. [16:50] Bonaparte - The Return of Stravinsky Wellington - Melody X
1. [16:52] Papercuts - You Can Have What You Want - Future Primitive
1. [16:52] Burial - Kindred - Loner
1. [17:06] Silent Poets - Death Stranding (Songs from the Video Game) - Asylums For The Feeling (feat. Leila Adu)
1. [17:11] Favored Nations - The Music of Grand Theft Auto V, Vol. 1: Original Music - The Set Up
1. [17:15] Far Caspian - A Dream of You - A Dream of You
1. [17:20] Paradis - Hémisphère / Je M'Ennuie - Hémisphère
1. [17:27] Alev Lenz - May the Angels (from "Dark") - May the Angels (from "Dark")
1. [17:30] Current Joys - My Nights Are More Beautiful Than Your Days - My Nights Are More Beautiful Than Your Days
1. [17:36] Free - Heartbreaker - Seven Angels
1. [17:41] Bedroom - Vivid - Trees
1. [17:46] Mazzy Star - So Tonight That I Might See - Blue Light
1. [17:52] Heilung - Futha - Traust
1. [18:07] Dave Porter - Better Call Saul (Original Score from the Television Series) - Border Crossing
1. [18:11] Dead Man's Bones - Dead Man's Bones - In the Room Where You Sleep (feat. the Silverlake Conservatory of Music Children's Choir)
1. [18:15] Skinshape - Oracolo - Oracolo
1. [18:19] Joe Jackson - Body And Soul - You Can't Get What You Want (Till You Know What You Want)
1. [18:24] London Philharmonic Orchestra - The 50 Greatest Pieces of Classical Music - The Valkyrie: Ride of the Valkyries
1. [18:29] Joe Jackson - Body And Soul - You Can't Get What You Want (Till You Know What You Want)
1. [19:06] Catherine Feeny - Mr Blue - Mr Blue (Radio Mix)
1. [19:08] Catherine Feeny - Hurricane Glass - The Shape You're In
1. [19:13] Rick and Morty - Don't Look Back [From Rick and Morty: Season 4] - Don't Look Back [From Rick and Morty: Season 4] (feat. Kotomi & Ryan Elder)
1. [19:17] Ezra Furman - Transangelic Exodus - Love You So Bad
1. [19:20] Regina Spektor - Soviet Kitsch - Us
1. [19:26] Susanne Sundfør - Susanne Sundfør - I Resign
1. [19:30] Leigh Nash - Blue On Blue - Nervous In The Light Of Dawn
1. [19:35] Catherine Feeny - Hurricane Glass - Unsteady Ground
1. [19:39] Doc Robinson - Deep End - Break My Fall
1. [19:43] Shawn Colvin - Whole New You - Roger Wilco
1. [19:47] Jackson C. Frank - Jackson C. Frank (2001 Remastered Version) - My Name Is Carnival (2001 Remaster)
1. [19:51] Mother Mother - O My Heart - Ghosting
