#Log of 16 day

1. [00:00] Deftones - White Pony - Change (In the House of Flies)
1. [10:07] Sigur Rós & Steindór Andersen - rimur EP - Fjöll í austri fagurblá
1. [10:14] John Frusciante - Shadows Collide With People - Everyperson
1. [10:16] sToa - Silmand - Broken Glass
1. [10:20] Neon Genesis Evangelion OST Vol. II - Neon Genesis Evangelion OST Vol. II - Fly Me to the Moon [TV Version]
1. [10:21] José José - Mujeriego - Olvidame
1. [10:24] Yo La Tengo - And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out - Saturday
1. [10:29] Deftones - Deftones - Bloody Cape
1. [10:33] Neon Genesis Evangelion 3nd. Impact OST - Neon Genesis Evangelion 3nd. Impact OST - Les Betes [S.I. Edit 01]
1. [10:35] Cat Power - What Would the Community Think - The Fate of the Human Carbine
1. [10:42] Music from Evangelion 1.0: You Are [Not] Alone - Music from Evangelion 1.0: You Are [Not] Alone - Angel of Doom [EM-21]
1. [10:46] Enrique Bunbury - Pequeño - ¿Dudar-, Quizas
1. [10:52] John Frusciante - Shadows Collide With People - 00 Ghost 27
1. [10:56] Avenue - Amor , pasión y otras locuras - sintiendo el silencio
1. [11:01] Mike Dehnert - I Love Techno 2011 (Unmixed Tracks) - MD
1. [11:08] Ellen Allien - Remix Collection - forms and shapes - sascha fun
1. [13:49] Uh Huh Her - Nocturnes - Criminal
1. [13:53] Caifanes - El Silencio - Vamos A Hacer Un Silencio
1. [14:50] Fabrizio Paterlini - Autumn Stories - Week No. 1
1. [14:52] Ólafur Arnalds - Broadchurch (Music From The Original TV Series) - The Journey
1. [14:54] Fabrizio Paterlini - Autumn Stories - Week No. 1
1. [14:55] Ólafur Arnalds - Broadchurch (Music From The Original TV Series) - The Journey
1. [14:56] Arab Strap - The Red Thread - The Long Sea
1. [15:01] Explosions In The Sky & David Wingo - Manglehorn (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Can You Believe It?
1. [15:05] 65daysofstatic - Hole - No Station
1. [15:07] Explosions In The Sky & David Wingo - Manglehorn (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Can You Believe It?
1. [17:52] 65daysofstatic - Hole - No Station
1. [18:50] Blonde Redhead - Melody of Certain Damaged Lemons - For the Damaged
1. [18:53] Blonde Redhead - Melody of Certain Damaged Lemons - For the Damaged Coda
1. [19:14] Tora - Take a Rest - Too Much
1. [19:16] Chris Hadfield - Youtube Covers - Space Oddity
1. [19:18] Tora - Take a Rest - Too Much
